add various notes, change some wording (#402)
ferrous-systems/rust-training: training-slides/src/async-building-blocks.md

## Async

> * Built from important building blocks, which are partially baked into the language

Author: wondering why "building blocks" was in quotes, was there a specific reason? I also mentioned that the async/await is partially baked into the language. is this superfluous?

* Futures, Tasks, Executors, Streams, and more

## Differences between async & sync

* sync programming often has imperative behaviour

> * async programming is an abstraction that allows developers to define pausing points where

Author: Paraphrased from https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch17-00-async-await.html. I think this is an excellent simplification for explaining the difference between sync / async.

Reviewer: i would phrase this as "waiting points" to closer parallel the `await` syntax, or "yield points" to parallel your wording below.

  the execution can be paused and later resumed

Note:

> - Imperative: Statements in synchronous code are just executed step-by-step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Imperative: Statements in single-threaded synchronous code are always executed in order. Statements in asynchronous code may be executed out-of-order, even in a single thread.
```

Author: what is the "out-of-order" related to here? because some processors can re-order or perform "out-of-order" execution on synchronous code as well, right?

## Async language support

* `async` functions can define yield points where the execution can be paused, represented by

>   `await`ion points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `.await` syntax.
```

## Differences between async & sync

* sync programming often has imperative behaviour

> * async programming is about constructing an execution plan and then letting an executor run it

Author: is "execution plan" something that makes sense here?

Reviewer: not really; the executor doesn't know ahead of time what's going to be run, and the async task can spawn more tasks at runtime. see https://jyn.dev/what-is-a-build-system-anyway/#applicative-and-monadic-structure for more discussion.

* this execution plan is called the "futures tree"

Note:

- Imperative: Statements in synchronous code are just executed step-by-step.

> ## Async language support

Author: this is a new slide. I think the auto-generation of state machines is a fact worth mentioning?
In embedded, we commonly replace annoying state machines using `async`, which is really nice.

}
```

Note:

- function must be `async` so `await` can be used inside it.

> - The code between two `await`ion points has a regular synchronous flow.

Author: I think this might be worth mentioning? at awaition points, the executor might pause and do some other pending work, but the flow between the awaition points is still regular synchronous code.

Reviewer: yes, this is very worth mentioning. you might be interested in https://ryhl.io/blog/async-what-is-blocking/, particularly the bit that says "other tasks on the same runtime will stop running until the thread is no longer being blocked".

}
```

Note:

> - Helpful mental model: A `async` function is a regular synchronous functions that returns a `Future`.

Reviewer: 💯. effectively `async fn` is a promise to the reader "no synchronous work happens before i return a Future".

* `read_to_end`: Read a complete input stream
* `connect`: Connect a socket

Note:

> - Alternative wording: A future can be resolved or polled to completion.

Reviewer: "resolved or polled to completion" makes it sound like these are two different things, but they're the same. i would say "futures can be resolved by polling them to completion, or canceled by `drop`ping them".

## Futures are poll-based

They can be checked if they are _done_, and are usually mapped to readiness based APIs:

- On full operating systems, mechanisms like `epoll` are used

> - On embedded systems, interrupts are used to advance or complete operations

Reviewer: this mingles implementation details with your runtime environment. you can have a hosted system that uses Unix signals for progress, and you can have an embedded system that uses spin-loops to poll without needing interrupts.

Author: maybe still useful to keep them as examples?

Reviewer: 👍 examples seem good, as long as you make it clear that hosted/embedded is independent of polling/event-wakers

Author: Okay, I updated this again. Considering that most use-cases will use an event driven mechanism, what do you think about the current version?

Note:

- A future can be resolved or polled to completion, or canceled by `drop`ing them.

## Futures are poll-based

They can be checked if they are _done_, and are usually mapped to readiness based APIs. Some
examples:

- On full operating systems, OS mechanisms like `epoll`.

> - On embedded systems, interrupts to advance or complete operations.

Reviewer: this still confuses polling/event-driven with hosted/embedded. i would prefer to state the two axes separately.
